usage: pando MODULE [OPTIONS] ITEM1, ITEM2, ...

MODULE is the file path to a Node.js module. The module must export an object
with a property '/pando/1.0.0'. This property must be a function that takes a
single value and a callback as arguments.

OPTIONS (default?):
    --headless  (false, Boolean)
                Start electron-wrtc without access to a graphical environment

    --host=HOST (true, HOST='localhost', String)
                Hostname of the bootstrap server. Can be supplied as
                'hostname' or 'ipaddr:port'. If HOST is set to null,
                the pando-server is started within the same process.

    --port=PORT (true, PORT=5000, Number) 
                Port used by pando-server when HOST=null.

    --local     (false, Boolean)
                Does not open to volunteers but loads the module, and directly
                processes items one-by-one.  Useful for testing the module
                on a few sample items.

    --start-idle (true, Boolean)
                Whether items should be processed while waiting for
                volunteers to connect. Set to false for to compute while waiting
                for new volunteers.

    --stdin     (false, Boolean)
                Read items from standard input instead, one item per line

    --secret=S  (true, S='INSECURE-SECRET', String)
                Alphanumeric string used to connect to the bootstrap server
                as root (and only root). Should be the same as the one
                supplied to pando-server.  Does not matter when not
                communicating with a public server.

    --sync-stdio (false, Boolean)
                Uses pull-sync on the input and output of the Pando process.
                Makes Pando transparently act as a transformer in other
                processes (also using pull-sync). Implies --stdin=true.

    --version   (false, Boolean)
                Prints the version number.

ADVANCED (used for testing, development, and optimization):

    --batch-size=B (true, B=1, Number)
                Number of inputs to send per known processor. If the inputs
                are fast to process this number should be higher, otherwise
                it should be low. To maximize the throughput, this number
                should the lowest that still ensures that the fastest
                processors are kept busy all the time.

    --bootstrap-timeout=T (true, T=60, Number)
                Maximum time allowed for a new volunteer to establish a
                successful connection (in seconds).

    --degree=D  (true, D=10, Number)
                Maximum degree of the root (started by this command) and
                each other connected volunteer. When new volunteers request
                a connection to a node that has reached the maximum degree,
                the connection is delegated to one of its children.

    --global-monitoring (false)
                Each volunteer maintains an additional WebSocket connection to
                the pando-server to report its status. All statuses are
                combined and reported as additional information on the
                monitoring page.

    --heartbeat=HB (HB=30000, Number)
                Heartbeat interval in milliseconds to validate a connection is
                still valid. A connection error, such as a sudden wifi disconnection, 
                can therefore be detected in at most 2*HB.

    --ice-servers=URLS (true, URLS='stun:stun.l.google.com:19302', String)
                Comma-separated list of ice servers used to establish the WebRTC
                connections.

    --reporting-interval=I (true, I=3, Number)
                Interval in seconds between the status updates given by nodes.

    --seed=SEED (true, SEED=RandomInt, Number) 
                Seed used to assign identifiers to the node channels with
                which they communicate. Providing an integer makes the identifiers
                deterministic and replicable.

ITEMS can be numbers, or strings:
    * Numbers are mapped to JavaScript numbers;
    * Otherwise the literal item is mapped to a JavaScript string.

MONITORING (on standard error):

    DEBUG='pando-computing'  
                Debugging information about the internal behaviour of Pando.
    DEBUG='pando-computing:monitoring'  
                Monitoring information about participating devices.
    DEBUG='pando-computing*'
                All Pando-related information. 
